Revision/69/anatomy (#74)
sakuli/docs: content/writing_tests/anatomy.md

The minimum setup for a Sakuli project looks like this:

- <i class="fas fa-folder"></i> **your-sakuli-project** *Home folder of the project*
  - <i class="fas fa-folder"></i> **_logs** *An automatically generated folder for error screenshots and sakuli.log*
    - <i class="fas fa-folder"></i> **_screenshots** *Folder for error screenshots*

>     - <i class="far fa-file"></i> **sakuli.log** *Logs of Sakuli execution*

Reviewer: Not indented correctly when website is build. `_screenshots` and `sakuli.log` should be elements of `_logs`.

![image](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/25754312/93740418-b8d35c80-fbea-11ea-8b1a-7f1deb594593.png)

In addition, `_logs` is created in every test suite not in the project itself.
![image](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/25754312/93740568-123b8b80-fbeb-11ea-974a-78fce0daf734.png)

Author: That's strange. For me, it was rendered correctly:
![image](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/48590838/93745266-89751d80-fbf3-11ea-9b60-e7a6dfed7a55.png)

  - <i class="fas fa-folder"></i> **testsuite-a** *Home folder of a testsuite*
     - <i class="fas fa-folder"></i> **testcase** *Home of the testcase*
         - <i class="far fa-file"></i> **.check.js.steps.cache** *An automatically generated cache file*
         - <i class="far fa-file"></i> **testcase.js** *The actual testcase*

>      - <i class="far fa-file"></i> **package.json** *Defines test script for container usage*

Reviewer: ```suggestion
     - <i class="far fa-file"></i> **package.json** *(optional) Defines test script for container usage*
```

     - <i class="far fa-file"></i> **testsuite.suite** *Defines which testcases belong to the testsuite*
     - <i class="far fa-file"></i> **testsuite.properties** *Configuration for the testsuite (overrides configuration from '../sakuli.properties')*
  - <i class="far fa-file"></i> **package.json** *All dependencies and setups for Node.js*

>   - <i class="far fa-file"></i> **sakuli.properties** *(optional: Configuration for all  testsuites)*

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - <i class="far fa-file"></i> **sakuli.properties** *(optional) Configuration for all  testsuites*
```

This file layout also represents the logical structure of Sakuli, which consists of a *testsuite* with one or more *testcase(s)*. Sakuli's `run` command takes the path to a testsuite folder and runs all testcases defined in `testsuite.suite` of the given folder. 

### _logs

> The folder '_logs' is created automatically when Sakuli starts the first execution.
> To change the path of the created folder '_logs' you can use 'sakuli.log.folder'.
> See [Configuring Tests](/configuring_tests) for more information.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The folder `_logs` is created automatically when Sakuli starts the first execution of a test suite.
To change the path of the created folder `_logs` you can use `sakuli.log.folder`.
See [Configuring Tests](/configuring_tests) for more information.
```

    
#### _screenshots

Sakuli stores all error screenshots in this folder, which can be configured with these properties:
- `sakuli.screenshot.onError`
- `sakuli.screenshot.dir`
- `sakuli.screenshot.storage`

See [Configuring Tests](/configuring_tests) for more information.

#### sakuli.log

Sakuli logs all information about the test execution in this file. 

> To configure the log level you can use 'log.level'. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To configure the log level, set `log.level` property in `sakuli.properties` or `testsuite.properties` accordingly. 
```
